doc: add docs about using MPI in docker. (#4060)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: docs/community/faq.md

If the error message is "Segmentation fault", or there is no enough information on the error, please feel free to submit an issue.

**4. Error "Read -1" when using mpirun in docker environment**

> This is because under docker, the process is executed with root permission, and it is necessary to set the root option for mpi and omp at the same time. MPI--`--allow-run-as-root`. OMP--`OMPI_ALLOW_RUN_AS_ROOT=1`,`OMPI_ALLOW_RUN_AS_ROOT_CONFIRM=1`,`OMPI_MCA_btl_vader_single_copy_mechanism=non`.

Reviewer: No. This is because a bug of OpenMPI.
```suggestion
This is a [known issue](https://github.com/open-mpi/ompi/issues/4948) of OpenMPI running in a docker container. In this case, please set environment variable `OMPI_MCA_btl_vader_single_copy_mechanism=none`.
```

> 
> A full running instruction is as follows:
> ```
> OMPI_ALLOW_RUN_AS_ROOT=1 OMPI_ALLOW_RUN_AS_ROOT_CONFIRM=1 OMPI_MCA_btl_vader_single_copy_mechanism=non
> e mpirun --allow-run-as-root -np 4 abacus
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
